Security A: OPEN UP IN THERE!
THIS BETTER
BE IMPORTANT.
I WAS HAVING
THE BEST DREAM.
OH!
SECTOR SECURITY!
WE'VE GOT AUTHORIZATION
TO SEARCH THESE PREMISES!
ANY INTERFERENCE WILL BE
CONSIDERED A CRIME.
WHAT ARE YOU
LOOKING FOR?
Security B:
BACK ROOM CLEAR!
WHAT'S UP?
Security A:
CHECKING UPSTAIRS!
UH, WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
HE'S IN HERE, BOYS!
JACK ATLAS, WE GOT
A WARRANT HERE FOR YOUR ARREST.
YOU NEED TO COME DOWN
TO HEADQUARTERS WITH US.
WHAT FOR!?
CUFF HIM, BIGGS!
WHAT'S THE MEANING
OF THIS?!
Security C:
CONFISCATING
HIS DECK, SIR!
Jack: THIS IS AN OUTRAGE!
I KNOW MY RIGHTS!
I HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING!
GET IN THE CAR!
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT DID HE DO?
THIS IS NOT GOOD.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Mina: THIS IS FOOTAGE
CAPTURED BY A SECURITY CAMERA
POSITIONED ON
THE GLEETMAN HIGHWAY.
HUH?
Crow: THAT'S JACK'S
DUEL RUNNER!
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND?
Trudge:
HE'S PARTICIPATING
IN A TURBO DUEL,
AND HE'S CLEARLY
TRYING TO MAKE
HIS OPPONENT CRASH.
AND THAT'S NOT
THE ONLY TIME.
WE'VE CAUGHT 3 OTHER
INSTANCES ON TAPE
IN THE PAST WEEK.
WELL, THE...
TIMING WORKS.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN "THE TIMING,"
WHAT DO YOU GUYS KNOW?
UM...
IT'S JUST THAT...
ABOUT A LITTLE MORE
THAN A WEEK AGO...
WE WERE TESTING OUT SOME
NEW ENGINES AND TRAINING
FOR THE WRGP.
MY LEVEL 3
DARK RESONATOR
TUNES MY LEVEL 5
BIG PIECE GOLEM.
Yusei: WE WERE FOCUSING
ON TAG DUELS AND TEAM TACTICS,
TRYING TO LEARN
HOW TO PLAY OFF OF ONE ANOTHER
AND BUILD
ON EACH OTHER'S MOVES.
Jack: AND NOW RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY!
GO ABSOLUTE POWERFORCE!
HUH. I REALLY AMAZE ME!
WHAT'S THE MATTER
WITH YOU?
WHY DID YOU SUDDENLY
GO ROGUE LIKE THAT?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN,
JACK!
HERE.
LEMME SEE YOUR HAND.
I JUST KNEW IT!
YOU DREW TRUST GUARDIAN,
IT WAS READY TO GO.
WHEN I PLAY
MY BLACKWING,
YOU BUST OUT
TRUST GUARDIAN.
HOW MANY TIMES DO I
HAVE TO TELL YOU THAT?
HOW MANY TIMES
DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU?
I AM NOT USING SOME COWARDLY
TUNER AS SYNCHRO MATERIAL!
COME ON, JACK.
WHY ARE YOU BEING
SO STUBBORN?
TRUST GUARDIAN'S POWER
CAN SAVE A SYNCHRO MONSTER
FROM BEING DESTROYED
IN BATTLE.
HOW IS THAT "COWARDLY,"
JACK?
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND IS
STRONG ENOUGH TO FIGHT ALONE!
I'M NOT HIDING IT
BEHIND SOME TUNER.
THAT'S JUST NOT MY STYLE.
ARE YOU SERIOUS!?
THIS ISN'T ABOUT
YOUR STUPID STYLE.
IT'S ABOUT
WORKING TOGETHER
WITH YOUR TEAMMATES!
RUBBISH! I'LL DO WHAT
I WANT N' YOU'LL LIKE IT
'CAUSE YOU'RE LUCKY
TO HAVE ME!
YOU DON'T STAND A CHANCE
WITHOUT ME!
YOU NEED JACK ATLAS!
OH, YEAH!?
WELL, IT'S NOT LIKE
YOU CAN DO IT ALONE.
YOU NEED US, TOO.
I NEED YOU!?
WHO EXACTLY DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE TALKING TO, MATE?
Yusei:
JACK, COME ON.
WE'VE GOTTA THINK
LIKE A TEAM.
IT'S NOT ABOUT
OUR INDIVIDUAL
STYLES ANYMORE,
WE EITHER WORK TOGETHER
OR WE LOSE THE WRGP,
IT'S THAT SIMPLE.
MAYBE IT'S THAT SIMPLE
FOR YOU.
BUT I AM NOT HAVING IT.
SO YOU'RE LEAVING?
HUH?
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
WITHOUT US?
I'LL DO WHATEVER
I WANNA DO.
JUST THE SAME AS
I HAVE ALWAYS DONE.
NO, JACK, HEY!
HE HISSY-FITS
ALL THE TIME, YUSEI.
HE'LL COME TO HIS SENSES.
Crow: WHAT'S GOTTEN
INTO YOU, MAN!?
WE HAVE A FIGHT, AND YOU TAKE IT
OUT ON INNOCENT RANDOMS?
IT WASN'T ME,
I'M INNOCENT!
YOU DON'T SEEM INNOCENT!
THAT WAS YOUR DUEL RUNNER
SLAMMING INTO THAT POOR SAP
AND THAT WAS RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND TEARING THROUGH
THE SKY.
HOW COULD THAT'VE POSSIBLY BEEN
SOMEONE ELSE?
ALL I KNOW IS THAT
I DIDN'T DO WHAT I DIDN'T DO.
HUH. RIGHT.
I THINK I KNOW
WHAT'S GOIN' ON HERE.
SINCE YOU'RE
A PATHETIC HAS-BEEN JERK
WHO CAN'T DO ANYTHING
BY HIMSELF,
YOU'RE TRYING TO RUIN
OUR TEAM'S NAME!
YOU'RE TRYING TO DRAG US
ALL WITH YOU TO LOSER TOWN.
WHY, YOU--!!
WHY DON'T YOU
GET DOWN HERE, CROW,
AND SAY EVERYTHING
THAT YOU JUST SAID TO MY FACE?
I WOULD, BUT--
YOU'RE IN A CELL, N'--
CROW...
I DON'T HANG OUT IN CELLS,
THAT'S WHERE
SELFISH EX-CHAMPIONS
WITH ATTITUDE PROBLEMS
WHOSE BEST DAYS ARE
WAY BEHIND THEM HANG OUT!
AT LEAST
I'VE BEEN A CHAMPION,
YOU'RE A NOTHING!
YOU ALWAYS WILL BE!
ALRIGHT, YOU...
IT'S QUIET TIME NOW,
LET'S GO.
SO LONG, JACK,
NICE KNOWIN' YA!
COME ON.
Jack: I WISH
I COULD SAY THE SAME.
Crow:
HAVE FUN NOT HAVING ANY FRIENDS!
THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX
IS COMING SOON!
GET YOUR TICKETS NOW
OR GET LEFT IN THE DUST!
WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX!
THE FUTURE OF TURBO DUELING
IS NOW.
THIS JUST IN.
FORMER TURBO DUELING CHAMPION
JACK ATLAS
HAS BEEN ARRESTED BY SECTOR
SECURITY ON CHARGES OF ASSAULT.
HE'S ACCUSED OF VIOLENTLY
ENGAGING WITH SEVERAL DUELISTS
OVER THE LAST TWO WEEKS.
ACCORDING TO A STATEMENT FROM
SECTOR SECURITY, ATLAS IS
DENYING THESE CHARGES.
WE'LL HAVE MORE DETAILS
WHEN THEY EMERGE.
THIS IS ANGELA RAINES REPORTING.
GUESS WE HAVE TO FIND
A NEW CRUSH, GIRLS.
SO MANY POSTERS
TO TEAR UP.
AND SO LITTLE TIME.
[ALL SIGH]
HUH?
DOESN'T SHE KNOW HIM?
HMM?
HOW IS THIS SURPRISING?
THE GUY IS NOTHING
BUT A COCKY WASHED-UP JERK
AND LET'S FACE IT...
ALL WASHED-UP JERKS
EVENTUALLY CRACK.
HE SAYS
HE'S INNOCENT.
HMM. HUH?
LET ME GO.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT!
IF JACK SAYS HE DIDN'T DO IT,
THEN HE DIDN'T DO IT.
RIGHT. YOU WOULD
TAKE HIS SIDE, LEO.
WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT ANYTHING!!
LEO, STOP IT!
LET HIM GO.
Editor: WHAT IS THIS DRIVEL
YOU JUST SENT ME, CARLY!?
I TOLD YOU TO WHIP UP
SOMETHIN' SCANDALOUS!
EVERYONE WHO KNOWS JACK
INSISTS THAT THERE'S
NO WAY HE'S GUILTY.
THEY SAY THAT HE'S NICE
AND LOYAL AND HONORABLE
AND---
THE PUBLIC WANTS TO READ ABOUT
DIRT, NOT THE SUNSHINE!
YOU DIG ME UP SOME DIRT
REAL QUICK-LIKE,
OR YOU'RE FIRED!
I CAN'T JUST
MAKE SOMETHING UP!
Akiza: SO YOU WEREN'T ABLE
TO LEARN ANYTHING ELSE?
NOT REALLY.
THAT'S YOUR FAULT, CROW.
YOU SHOULDN'T'VE GONE OFF
ON HIM LIKE YOU DID.
YEAH, YEAH.
THAT WAS MY BAD, I KNOW.
I DUNNO WHAT HAPPENED,
I JUST LOST MY TEMPER.
SO DO YOU THINK HE DID
WHAT THEY'RE SAYING HE DID?
IT'S LOOKING PRETTY
BAD AT THIS POINT.
IF THERE IS A FAKE
JACK OUT THERE,
WELL, HE HASN'T APPEARED
SINCE JACK'S ARREST.
AND JACK DOESN'T HAVE
A SINGLE ALIBI
FOR ANY OF THE
INCIDENTS ON VIDEO.
SO UNLESS SOME NEW EVIDENCE
IS BROUGHT FORWARD,
ARE THEY JUST GONNA
LOCK HIM UP AND THAT'S THAT?
NO WAY.
BUT HE DIDN'T DO IT,
RIGHT?,
THERE MUST BE SOMETHING
WE CAN DO TO PROVE THAT.
Yusei: LIKE WHAT?
I GOT IT!
THERE'S CLEARLY SOMEONE OUT
THERE PRETENDING TO BE JACK.
SO WE GOTTA GET OUT THERE
AND FIND HIM
AND THEN DRAG HIM TO
JUSTICE'S DOOR! HEH HEH.
HOW DO WE DO THAT,
DETECTIVE?
DO YOU HAVE ANY CLUES
OR LEADS, OR ANYTHING?
[SIGHS]
LOOK GUYS,
I THINK IT'S BEST
IF WE LEAVE THIS UP
TO TRUDGE FOR NOW.
TRUDGE, WAIT!
YOU GOT THE
WRONG GUY.
LISTEN TO ME!
YOU CAN'T REALLY
BELIEVE THAT JACK
WOULD DO THAT STUFF.
AFTER EVERYTHING HE
DID TO HELP US OUT?
HE RISKED HIS LIFE TO
TAKE DOWN SYD'S GANG
AFTER INTERFERING WITH
THE INVESTIGATION.
THE KID'S ALL
HONOR AND HEART.
I'M WITH YOU ON THIS, KAZ!
I WANNA BELIEVE, BUT...
YOU SAW THE VIDEO.
Jack: HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING
TO KEEP ME LOCKED UP IN HERE?
HASN'T YOUR INVESTIGATION
UNCOVERED ANYTHING NEW? MINA!
THE EVIDENCE IS STACKED
AGAINST YOU, JACK.
THERE IS NO INVESTIGATION
ANYMORE.
THE CASE IS CLOSED NOW.
ARE YOU KIDDING!?
UH!
SOMEWHERE OUT THERE
IN THE CITY
SOMEONE IS PRETENDING
TO BE ME,
AND I CAN'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT
FROM IN HERE.
I CAN'T STAND IT.
HUH?
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
[SIREN]
OH.
WE HEARD THE ALARM,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHY IS THE DOOR OPEN?
WHERE'S JACK?
[PHONE RINGS]
HUH? YEAH.
Wedge: IT'S WEDGE,
DOWN IN LOCK-UP!
ATLAS JUST STOLE
HIS DUEL RUNNER
AND DECK THAT WE SEIZED
AND ESCAPED.
HE WHAT?
ARE YOU SERIOUS!?
WHAT I CAN'T FIGURE OUT
IS RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
HOW COULD SOMEBODY ELSE
HAVE THIS?
IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.
THIS IS A RARE ONE-OF-A-KIND
MONSTER CARD.
AH!
THAT'S MY DUEL RUNNER, BUT-!!
[BIG MEAN LAUGH]
YOU FINALLY MADE IT!
I WAS WORRIED YOU
DIDN'T HAVE IT IN YOU.
WHAT IS THIS!?
WHO THE DEUCE ARE YOU?
EVERYONE KNOWS WHO I AM!
MY NAME IS JACK ATLAS!
VERY CUTE! WHY ARE YOU
RUNNING AROUND PRETENDING
TO BE ME?
DON'T BE ABSURD!
YOU'RE NOT JACK ATLAS,
JACK IS A CHAMPION,
A REAL DUELIST!
YOU'RE JUST
A WANNABE HAS-BEEN!
IS THAT SO?
JACK ATLAS WOULDN'T LET
4 WALLS CONTAIN HIM.
HE WOULDN'T NEED
"OUTSIDE ASSISTANCE"
TO ESCAPE, WOULD HE?
HUH? ARE YOU SAYING IT WAS
YOU WHO DESTROYED THE LOCK
ON THAT STATION DOOR?
MMM-HM!
WHOA!
AH!
AMAZING! JACK ATLAS
JUST FLIPPED OVER US!
GET LOTS O' SHOTS!
I WANNA POST 'EM
AS SOON AS I CAN!
ARE YOU NUTS!?
NOT COOL.
HA HA!
THAT DOES IT!
THAT'S THE LOOK
I WANTED TO SEE!
THAT'S THE SPIRIT!
COME AT ME LIKE
A STARVING BEAST ON THE HUNT!
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I WANNA DUEL!
YOU'RE NOT SCARED OF DUELING
THE GREAT CHAMPION, ARE YOU?
YOU THINK I'M SCARED
OF DUELING SOME
DERANGED FANBOY,
I WILL BEAT YOU BEFORE
YOU CAN SAY "IT'S MY MOVE"!
SO IF YOU REALLY WANT
A DUEL, YOU'VE GOT IT!
THERE'S A GOOD CHAP!
NOW LET'S FIND OUT
WHO THE TRUE JACK ATLAS IS.
Both: ACTIVATING SPEED WORLD 2!
D-wheel computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
WHAT IS THIS WHITE LIGHT
ALL ABOUT?
FORMULATING
CROSS-TOWN DUEL COURSE
AND AWAITING CENTRAL GRID
AUTHORITY'S OFFICIAL
AUTHORIZATION.
AUTHORIZATION
HAS BEEN GRANTED.
A TURBO DUEL
IS ABOUT TO COMMENCE.
COMBAT LANE TRANSFIGURATION
UNDERWAY.
ALL NON-DUELING VEHICLES
MUST VACATE THE COMBAT LANE
IMMEDIATELY.
YOU ARE GOING DOWN!
DON'T BE SO SURE!
WHAT'D YOU SAY!?
JACK BUSTED OUT!?
HUH?
WHA--
Trudge: LOOK, IF HE COMES
TO YOU GUYS,
YOU HAVE TO LET ME KNOW,
YUSEI.
YEAH, I WILL.
WAIT, SO JACK ESCAPED?
ESCAPED ESCAPED?
HOW COULD HE DO SOMETHING
SO DUMB!?
HE'S PROBABLY HOPING TO
CATCH THE REAL CRIMINAL!
IF THAT'S TRUE, THEN
WHERE WOULD HE GO?
AH!
HUH?
Both: THE GLEETMAN HIGHWAY!
I DO HOPE YOU'RE HUNGRY!
'CAUSE I'M SERVING
HUMBLE PIE!
JUST DRAW ALREADY!
HA HA! I SUMMON
DARK RESONATOR IN DEFENSE MODE!
WAIT! BUT
THAT'S MY MONSTER!
I PLACE THREE CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
SO NOT ONLY
DOES HE COPY ME,
HE COPIES
MY MONSTERS, TOO!
WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
HURRY UP AND MAKE A MOVE.
I NEED A GOOD CHUCKLE.
THAT DOES IT! YOU CAN ACT
LIKE ME ALL YOU WANT, BUT--
YOU CAN'T DUEL LIKE ME!
MY TURN, I DRAW.
TRUST GUARDIAN.
IF I USE THIS RIGHT NOW,
I CAN SUMMON RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND,
BUT THIS MONSTER
JUST ISN'T MY STYLE.
YOU SERIOUS!? THIS ISN'T ABOUT
YOUR STUPID STYLE.
THIS IS ABOUT WORKING
WITH YOUR TEAM! JERK!
WE EITHER WORK TOGETHER
OR WE LOSE THE WRGP.
IT'S THAT SIMPLE, JACK.
I CAN'T DO IT.
THIS CARD GOES AGAINST
EVERYTHING I STAND FOR.
I'D RATHER LOSE
THAN USE THIS.
WHEN ALL YOU'VE GOT ARE
MONSTERS ON YOUR FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON
VICE DRAGON!
NEXT, I'M SUMMONING
THE DREAD DRAGON
TUNER MONSTER!
NOW MY LEVEL 2 DREAD
DRAGON TUNES MY LEVEL
5 VICE DRAGON!
AS FLATTERING AS YOUR
LITTLE IMPERSONATION
PERFORMANCE HAS BEEN...
I'M AFRAID I'M GOING
TO HAVE TO YANK YOU
FROM THE STAGE!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
EXPLODER DRAGONWING!
Duel runner computer:
EXPLODER DRAGONWING
IS A LEVEL 7
DRAGON-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 2,400 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1,600 DEFENSE POINTS.
NOW,
EXPLODER DRAGONWING,
TAKE OUT DARK RESONATOR
WITH KING STORM ATTACK!
DARK RESONATOR'S ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
NO NEED TO TELL ME
WHAT IT DOES!
I'M FULLY AWARE THAT
DARK RESONATOR CAN AVOID
BEING DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
HMM.
NOW LET ME SHOW YOU
WHAT THE REAL JACK
ATLAS IS CAPABLE OF!
WHEN EXPLODER DRAGONWING
BATTLES A MONSTER WITH
FEWER ATTACK POINTS,
THAT MONSTER
IS DESTROYED.
AND THIS IS
A SPECIAL ABILITY
DOLLING OUT THE DAMAGE,
SO I'M AFRAID RESONATOR
CAN'T PROTECT ITSELF!
AND NOW ALL OF
DARK RESONATOR'S
1,300 ATTACK POINTS
SLAM INTO YOU
AS DIRECT DAMAGE!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END
MY TURN.
PATHETIC.
IS THIS A JOKE?
ARE YOU TRYING TO MOCK ME
WITH THIS PALTRY EFFORT?
NOBODY INSULTS ME!
I BUSTED YOU OUT
BECAUSE I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT
ACTUALLY CHALLENGE ME.
BUT YOU'RE DUELING LIKE
A SECOND-RATE CLOWN
HOPING TO GET A LAUGH.
YOU AREN'T WORTHY OF
DUELING THE CHAMPION.
YOUR VERY PRESENCE
IS AN INSULT.
AND NO ONE, NO ONE
INSULTS THE GREAT JACK ATLAS!!
WHAT'S THIS
WEIRD FEELING?
IS THIS...IS THIS
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO BE
AFRAID OF SOMETHING?
WHY AM I AFRAID?
YUSEI, HEADS UP!
CHECK OUT THE SIGNS!
SOMEONE'S DUELING UP AHEAD.
WELL, DO YOU THINK
IT'S JACK?
NOW GET READY, LITTLE CLOWN!
ON THIS NEXT MOVE,
I'M GONNA PROVE TO YOU
THAT I'M THE REAL
JACK ATLAS!
AND JUST HOW
WILL YOU DO THAT?
JUST WATCH! FIRST, I ACTIVATE
THE SHOCKWAVE TRAP CARD!
WHAT!?
YOUR SAD LITTLE ATTEMPT
TO WHITTLE AWAY AT MY POWER
HELPED ME SATISFY
THE REQUIREMENTS NEEDED
TO ACTIVATE THIS TRAP!
WHEN I HAVE FEWER
LIFE POINTS THAN YOU,
I CAN SEND OUT SHOCKWAVE
AND DESTROY ONE MONSTER
ON THE FIELD,
AND THEN WE'LL BOTH TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO ITS ATTACK POINTS!
SAY GOODBYE TO
YOUR EXPLODER DRAGONWING!
WHY DID THAT HURT?
HOW'S IT POSSIBLE
THAT I FELT THAT?
HA HA!
THIS IS HOW A CHAMP
DOES THINGS!
THIS DUEL ISN'T JUST ABOUT
OUR LIFE POINTS, IS IT?
NO, NO, LITTLE CLOWN.
THIS DUEL IS ABOUT OUR LIVES!
WHA--!? YOU--!!
WHY'RE YOU ACTING
LIKE YOU'RE WINNING?
YOU JUST LOST
LIFE POINTS THE SAME
AS I DID!
HMPH! IF I WERE TO GO
AT YOU FULL FORCE,
YOU WOULD BE FINISHED
IN AN INSTANT.
BUT I DON'T WANT TO
FINISH YOU JUST YET.
I INTEND TO PLAY
A LITTLE CAT AND MOUSE.
I NOW SUMMON
MAD ARCHFIEND!
MAD ARCHFIEND HAS
1,800 ATTACK POINTS.
IF IT ATTACKS
SUCCESSFULLY,
I'M FINISHED.
I CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN!
I REVEAL THE POWERFUL
REBIRTH TRAP CARD!
THIS TRAP ENABLES ME TO
SUMMON A WEAKER MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
AND THEN EQUIP THE
MONSTER I SUMMON WITH
THE POWER OF THIS CARD.
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
I SUMMON DREAD DRAGON
IN DEFENSE MODE!
AND NOW, BY EQUIPPING
POWERFUL REBIRTH,
IT GAINS 100 DEFENSE
POINTS AND ONE LEVEL!
EVEN IF I TAKE
PIERCING DAMAGE
FROM MAD ARCHFIEND'S
SPECIAL ABILITY...
I'LL HAVE 300
LIFE POINTS REMAINING.
I REVEAL THE POWERFUL
REBIRTH TRAP CARD!
YOU WHAT!? THAT WAS
YOUR FACEDOWN CARD, TOO?
AND I SUMMON DARK RESONATOR
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
DID YOU HONESTLY THINK
I WOULD ATTACK YOU
WITH MAD ARCHFIEND
WITHOUT POWERING IT UP?
WHAT A LAUGH!
A CHAMPION DOESN'T BOTHER
TRYING TO CHIP AWAY,
A CHAMPION GOES FULL FORCE!
REMEMBER, I'M
THE MASTER OF FASTER.
I RULE THE DUEL!
AH.
THIS CHAMPION
IS GONNA TAKE YOU
TO THE NEXT LEVEL!
MAD ARCHFIEND GETS
A TUNING FROM DARK
RESONATOR,
WHICH IS ALSO
A LEVEL 4 NOW.
A LEVEL 8...
IT..IT CAN'T BE...!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON--
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
THIS ISN'T POSSIBLE.
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
IS A ONE-OF-A-KIND
MONSTER.
AND IT'S ONLY
IN MY DECK!
GO, RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND,
TEAR UP THAT DREAD DRAGON!
WITH IT GONE,
I REVEAL MY TRAP!
LINEAGE OF DESTRUCTION!
NO!
SINCE I DESTROYED A MONSTER
OF YOURS IN DEFENSE MODE...
LINEAGE OF DESTRUCTION CAN
ENABLE RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
TO ATTACK FOR A SECOND TIME!
AND I'M AFRAID THAT
THIS TIME AROUND
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND WILL BE
ATTACKING YOU DIRECTLY!
NO WAY!
UH! AAH!
HOW? HOW COULD HE
HAVE MY CARDS?
AND HOW COULD HE'VE
MASTERED RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND'S TACTICS?
WHO IS HE?
WHEN AN ENGINE BURNS OUT,
YOU REPLACE IT WITH
A BETTER ONE, AN UPGRADE.
AND YOU, MY LITTLE CLOWN,
HAVE DEFINITELY BURNED OUT.
SO I GUESS THAT MAKES ME
YOUR UPGRADE!
AH!
JACK, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
RUNNING ONLY MAKES YOU
LOOK GUILTY?
HEH HEH.
[SCREAMING]
HUH?
HE'S GONE.